h1. Purpose

This project aims to let you create a drush make file using a UI. The primary goal is not having a UI only but rather saving all the data strucutred for later uses.
That means, that every make file is a node, every module is a part of a CCK field, which seperates the data of a module into 4 fields (server_key, short_name, api_revision, revision).

The UI yet provides you the autocompletition of modules and available apis. It also fetches the available releases which you can chose to use them in your make file.
No typos, search or whatever anymore. This data is fetched using the "update_feed_api":http://github.com/EugenMayer/update_feed_api
You can also add custom make file options using the custom field which are then tailed to the make file. So you are free!

This module is build ontop of nodes and utilizes views to actually evaluate the make files. This module is a feature.

E.g. the shipped view (just a default view) makes it possible to search for the make files, search for make files which include *specific modules or even modules of a specific version*.

That is just the start, in the end this module gives you a new *structured* entity "Make file". Build your own applications on top, utilizing the new gathered informations.

h1. Installation

# Install the module and its dependencies (feature, views..)
## You have to install the "update_feed_api":http://github.com/EugenMayer/update_feed_api and the "update_feed_cck":http://github.com/EugenMayer/update_feed_api field
## You also need the patche version of "autocomplete_element":http://github.com/EugenMayer/autocomplete_element
# Activate the feature
# You have to configure

h1. Usage
# Configure the "update_feed_api":http://github.com/EugenMayer/update_feed_api module (set the servers you want to fetch modules from). Check the installation guide there
## Fetch projects (you dont need to fetch the releases yet, this will be done automatically on demand)
# Create a new node "Drush make file"
## Add modules, set the API Version and a short description of the make file for your notes if need
# Click on "drush make files" and use the view to search through the make files
# Click on a make file to see what modules are included

h1. Todo
# Generate a make file using Views and a template
